1. The alpha button should correspond to merge sort. In merge sort, we divide the presumably unsorted list into n sublists, such that each sublist contains only one element, and then repeatedly merge sublists into sorted sublists until we get the newly sorted list. Whether the list is in order or in reverse order, it requires the same number of comparisons and movements. For both in order and reverse order lists of size 16, the alpha button produced 32 comparisons and 128 movements.

2. The beta button should correspond to a heap sort. If we create a list in reverse order, the number of comparisons increase, which is expected if we add large elements to a min heap. For a reverse order list of size 16, we required 120 comparisons and 150 movements. For an in order list of size 16, we required only 15 comparisons and 30 movements. 

3. The gamma button should correspond to selection sort. In selection sort, we have to find the smallest element in a collection, which requires comparison with each element in the list, and swapping it with the left-most element in the collection, which should put it in sorted order. We then do the same with the rest of the list. Regardless of whether or not it is in order or reverse order, we have to do roughly the same number of comparisons. With a list of size-16, both in order lists and reverse order lists took around 150 comparisons.

4. The delta button should correspond to quick sort. Every time we made a new randomly ordered list or almost in order list, the sort returned roughly the same number of comparisons and movements, which is what quicksort should do. The statistics for in-order and reverse-order lists were also the same, which is what we should expect from quicksort.

5. The epsilon button should correspond to insertion sort. In insertion sort, we compare each element to the unsorted sublist and then put it in the proper place in the sorted section. When we created a size-16 list in order, the sort used 120 comparisons, but did not make any movements. The number of comparisons for an in-order list using insertion sort should be 0 + 1 + ... + n-1, which corresponds to our result.